Terry Valentine do you know and who are
you
Wilson my name is Wilson what Wilson to
start I never heard well I'm not that
well-known except Browns so districts
and police Nick's you know please what
who me
now I'll be bothered hey hey hey the
are you and how did you get in you
I'm your little bird told me the you and
Terry Valentine have business deal I
don't know anybody Terry Valentine don't
you know you take a walk pal
okay you're making a big mistake come on
what you've been doing Jenica loose the
hell who is this guy in everything I did
is how I find out who the you are
Jennifer Wilson was my daughter
Jennifer hey wasn't she that
chick that showed up down here the same
way as this yeah
yeah Terry Valentine's it's a personal
friend and I don't talk about my friends
with strangers but that daughter of
yours she come up here sticking her tits
in my face
Who am I how do I know Terry what's the
nature of our business together
Myra Terry for a lot of things but I
gotta say he let himself get royally
went by that you
know what I would like to have done you
know what my job done I bet you will
like that
mr. bet you take a nosedive off that
cliff I'll be trying to roll up no Meah
call it in No
you come back down here again pop and
we'll kill you you understand this is
private property we will shoot you
do you get it
old fart come down your big
dangerous gun yeah we're hiking
we're quaking
hey you come on back you come on back
and visit trespass okay we look forward
to an stupid English
you tell him you tell you I'm coming
tame I'm coming
you